I'm just not ready to move on all right
after the way she treated you I never
knew how truly in love you can't afford
that place dude you don't have a job you
spend all your time online playing with
gadgets and video games I'm reviewing
ass because I can make tons of money on
you to know what man for a smart guy
you're also pretty nice hey guys welcome
to another edition of in this episode
I'm gonna review a self-help back you
just input your goal in life in the
absence you missions to accomplish you
also have to film yourself with your
device as you perform each mission let
the experiments begin I'm not talk about
relationships too I'm talking about
getting that set back on you what's that
set photo lady I bet you're a kamikaze
girl hey all night I would you like to
have your own show on a site at us over
8 million viewers worldwide this has
been jtekt signing up for tech your TV I
mean look at that face is that not the
face of technology you can trust this
face beautiful face you got the job not
because this under stupid hat are you
done with that yeah I am mr. Lewis mr.
Lewis I sign on do what it tells me and
all this great stuff starts happening
did you think this was gonna be really
then the second I sign off everything
goes away where's your mom
she's in a coma you signed a contract
made a deal I've ever read it they never
do I know what a user agreement is you
didn't sign your soul away on your
iPhone this thing is real I don't know
what this thing's in your head but it's
not what's possible that's happening
life you are you know there are no
shortcuts in life sometimes you just
have to put the work in one to thank God
I found this thing because I'm ready to
finally start living